[tests] add copyeditor (#89)
mapbox/vector-tiles: src/pages/reference/mapbox-streets-v6.md

{{ <LayerInfo type={["polygon"]} buffer={4} /> }}

> This layer is for landuse / landcover polygons that the tileset should draw above the [#water](#water) layer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This layer is for landuse / landcover polygons that your style should draw above the [#water](#water) layer.
```
